add typing indicator (#293)
flyerhq/flutter_chat_ui: doc/advanced-usage.md

## User avatars & names

To show user avatars & names use `showUserAvatars` and `showUserNames` parameters. Can be used separately. By default, the chat will select one of 10 provided colors as an avatar background and name text color. Color is calculated based on the user's `id` hash code, so it is unique in different rooms. To modify provided colors use `userAvatarNameColors` parameter in [theme](themes). If you want to have one color for everyone, just pass this color as a single item in the `userAvatarNameColors` list.

## Typing Indicator

> To show typing indicator, you can use `showTypingIndicator` optional parameter which takes [User.types] list. By default its empty list which hides the indicator. Shows typing user avatar along with animated speech bubble. You can set your own theme for typing indicator, see [theme](themes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show a typing indicator, you can use the optional parameter `showTypingIndicator` which requires a type of `List<types.User>`. If provided a non-empty list, it will show a typing user avatar along with animated speech bubble. If the list is empty, it will hide the indicator. To set your own theme for the typing indicator, see [theme](themes).
```

What exactly does theme resolve to?

Reviewer 2: sections on the left side

<img width="312" alt="Screenshot 2022-08-06 at 13 10 00" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14123304/183246391-298da2b7-bbf1-4e4e-9d86-422f884a42b7.png">

but docs do not need a review, I will review them myself and re-write if needed.
